Add guidance around delegate fields in structs (#17568)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/native-interop/best-practices.md

✔️ DO use the C# `sizeof()` instead of `Marshal.SizeOf<MyStruct>()` for blittable structures to improve performance.

❌ AVOID using `System.Delegate` or `System.MulticastDelegate` fields to represent function pointer fields in structures.

> Since these types don't have a required signature, they don't guarantee that the delegate passed in will match the signature the native code expects. Additionally, in .NET Framework and .NET Core, marshaling a struct containing a `System.Delegate` or `System.MulticastDelegate` from its native representation to managed can destabilize the runtime if the value of the field in the native representation isn't a function pointer that wraps a managed delegate. In .NET 5 and newer, marshaling a `System.Delegate` or `System.MulticastDelegate` field from a native representation to a managed object is not supported. Use a specific delegate type instead of `System.Delegate` or `System.MulticastDelegate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Since these types don't have a required signature, they don't guarantee that the delegate passed in will match the signature the native code expects. Additionally, in .NET Framework and .NET Core, marshaling a struct containing a `System.Delegate` or `System.MulticastDelegate` from its native representation to a managed object can destabilize the runtime if the value of the field in the native representation isn't a function pointer that wraps a managed delegate. In .NET 5 and later versions, marshaling a `System.Delegate` or `System.MulticastDelegate` field from a native representation to a managed object is not supported. Use a specific delegate type instead of `System.Delegate` or `System.MulticastDelegate`.
```

Reviewer: I added indentation and made a couple other small changes.
